Create Localization.md (#165)
Adyen/adyen-react-native: docs/Localization.md

# Localization

> By default, React Native library uses a device's local. To enable necessary translations for iOS, make sure “Localizations” in the project configuration contains all required languages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the React Native library uses a device's locale. To enable necessary translations for iOS, make sure “Localizations” in the project configuration contains all required languages.
```

## Enforcing specific localization

### iOS

Not supported.

### Android

> Provide specific locale to `configuration.shopperLocale` for `AdyenCheckout`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Provide a specific locale to `configuration.shopperLocale` for `AdyenCheckout`.
```

## Overriding default values

### iOS

1. Open your iOS folder in Xcode.

> 2. Create new ’Strings’ file with the name “Localizable”. If you are using multiple localisations - make sure you check-in them all for Localizations.string in "File Inspector": your iOS project will have correspondent files for each localization: `(localization).lproj/Localizable.string`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Create a new ’Strings’ file with the name `Localizable`. If you are using multiple localizations, make sure you check them all in for the `Localizations.string` in "File Inspector". For each localization, your iOS project will have a corresponding file: `(localization).lproj/Localizable.string`.
```

> 3. Override all necessary strings with desired values for all necessary localizations. A list of available strings could be found at https://github.com/Adyen/adyen-ios/blob/develop/Adyen/Assets/Generated/LocalizationKey.swift.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Override all necessary strings with desired values for all your localizations. The list of available strings can be found at https://github.com/Adyen/adyen-ios/blob/develop/Adyen/Assets/Generated/LocalizationKey.swift.
```

### Android

1. Open /res/values/strings.xml in "Translations Editor” in Android Studio.

> 2. Override all necessary strings with desired values for all necessary localizations. A list of available strings could be found at https://github.com/search?q=repo%3AAdyen%2Fadyen-android+values%2Fstrings.xml&type=code

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Override all necessary strings with desired values for all your localizations. The list of available strings can be found at https://github.com/search?q=repo%3AAdyen%2Fadyen-android+values%2Fstrings.xml&type=code
```

> ## Adding new localization

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Adding new localizations
```

> Add new locale in Xcode and Android Studio respectively. Provide a translation for all necessary keys

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add new locales in Xcode and Android Studio respectively. Provide a translation for all necessary keys.
```

Author: Fixed in [3d928ec](https://github.com/Adyen/adyen-react-native/pull/165/commits/3d928ec9faeb29ab435a3a2b963190e4e9a1374f)
